#6970 Add more examples for utilizing custom cache type (#8628)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/cache/partial-caching/create-cache-type.md

*  `%cache_type_id%` defines the unique identifier of a cache type.
*  `%CACHE_TYPE_TAG%` defines the unique tag to be used in the cache type scoping.

> ## Store data into custom cache type {#m2devgde-store-data-cache-type}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Store data in a custom cache type {#m2devgde-store-data-cache-type}
```

> To store data in a serialized form into a custom cache should be made the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store data in a serialized form in a custom cache, follow these steps:
```

> *  Pass the argument to the constructor `Magento\Framework\App\CacheInterface` $cache of a necessary class (Repository, Model, Block, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Pass the argument to the constructor `Magento\Framework\App\CacheInterface` `$cache` of a required class (Repository, Model, Block, etc)
```

```php
/**
 * @param CacheInterface $cache
 * @param SerializerInterface $serializer
 */
public function __construct(CacheInterface $cache, SerializerInterface $serializer)
{
    $this->cache = $cache;
    $this->serializer = $serializer;
}
```

*  Store data in the cache

```php
$cacheKey  = \VendorName\ModuleName\Model\Cache\Type\CacheType::TYPE_IDENTIFIER;
$cacheTag  = \VendorName\ModuleName\Model\Cache\Type\CacheType::CACHE_TAG;

$storeData = $this->cache->save(
    $this->serializer->serialize($cacheData),
    $cacheKey,
    [$cacheTag],
    86400
);
```

> ## Retrieve data from custom cache type {#m2devgde-retrieve-data-cache-type}

Reviewer: Add a blank line before the header

> Retrieve data in the cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve data from the cache
```

```php
$cacheKey  = \VendorName\ModuleName\Model\Cache\Type\CacheType::TYPE_IDENTIFIER;

$data = $this->serializer->unserialize($this->cache->load($cacheKey));
```

## Invalidate custom cache type {#m2devgde-invalidate-cache-type}

> To invalidate custom cache type should be made the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invalidate a custom cache type, follow these steps:
```

> *  Pass the argument to the constructor `Magento\Framework\App\Cache\TypeListInterface` $typeList of a necessary class (Repository, Model, Block, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Pass the argument to the constructor `Magento\Framework\App\Cache\TypeListInterface` `$typeList` of a required class (Repository, Model, Block, etc)
```

```php
/**
 * @param TypeListInterface $typeList
 */
public function __construct(TypeListInterface $typeList)
{
    $this->typeList = $typeList;
}
```

*  Invalidate the cache

```php
$cacheKey  = \VendorName\ModuleName\Model\Cache\Type\CacheType::TYPE_IDENTIFIER;

$this->typeList->invalidate($cacheKey);
```

## Flush custom cache type {#m2devgde-flush-cache-type}

The custom cache type can be flushed in the following ways:

*  Go to System -> Cache Management and flush the custom cache type

> *  Programatically, using the TypeList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Programmatically, using the TypeList.
```
